README.md, before:

# ReactPress

Easily create, build and deploy React apps into your existing WordPress sites.

Get started in seconds and develop your React app with instant feedback and your WordPress theme in mind.

Combine the flexibility of WordPress with the UI capabilities of React and seamlessly integrate create-react-app into your WordPress project for your next SaaS.

ReactPress does 3 things:

- It integrates your local dev server into your WordPress theme, that you have instant feedback, how your React app looks in the context of your WordPress website.
- It builds your React app in a way that it is usable from your WordPress site.
- It makes it easy to upload your app to a live server after building.

## TODO

- [x] v1.x.0 Swap file_get_contents for wp_remote_get.
- [x] v1.x.0 Create custom routing for react-router based on slug of the reactpress page
- [ ] v1.x.0 Add post state label to signal the user a page was created by ReactPress (https://www.ibenic.com/post-states-labels/)
- [ ] v1.x.0 validate onchange form input
- [ ] v1.x.0 Add the ability to create admin pages
- [ ] v1.x.0 Add PHP namespaces (https://www.ibenic.com/php-namespaces-wordpress-plugins/)
- [ ] v1.x.0 Provide a mechanism to log in on the dev server, to have a realistic dev flow. Could be some mocking or documentation.
- [ ] v1.x.0 Access an app on several WP pages.

Commit message:

Fix: If I delete an app from the harddrive, I can't reuse it settings with a new app.
Now if an app folder is deleted the app is shown as orphan.

README.md, after:

# ReactPress

Easily create, build and deploy React apps into your existing WordPress sites.

Get started in seconds and develop your React app with instant feedback and your WordPress theme in mind.

Combine the flexibility of WordPress with the UI capabilities of React and seamlessly integrate create-react-app into your WordPress project for your next SaaS.

ReactPress does 3 things:

- It integrates your local dev server into your WordPress theme, that you have instant feedback, how your React app looks in the context of your WordPress website.
- It builds your React app in a way that it is usable from your WordPress site.
- It makes it easy to upload your app to a live server after building.

## TODO

- [x] v1.3.1 Swap file_get_contents for wp_remote_get.
- [x] v1.3.1 Create custom routing for react-router based on slug of the reactpress page
- [x] v1.3.1 If the folder of an app is deleted, it is shown as type: Orphan
- [ ] v1.x.0 Add post state label to signal the user a page was created by ReactPress (https://www.ibenic.com/post-states-labels/)
- [ ] v1.x.0 validate onchange form input
- [ ] v1.x.0 Add the ability to create admin pages
- [ ] v1.x.0 Add PHP namespaces (https://www.ibenic.com/php-namespaces-wordpress-plugins/)
- [ ] v1.x.0 Provide a mechanism to log in on the dev server, to have a realistic dev flow. Could be some mocking or documentation.
- [ ] v1.x.0 Access an app on several WP pages.
